#171: Validate duplicate destination table names (#172)
exasol/virtual-schema-common-document: doc/user_guide/edml_user_guide.md

If you did not mark any column as key and the adapter could not detects any key column, it will add an `INDEX` column. These columns contain the position of the element in the nested list. So in the example from above `DynamoDB` will receive the index 0 and `Exasol` the index 1.

## Destination Table

> The `destinationTable` property of a mapping defines the name of the virtual table to which the data is mapped. Please note that this must be unique for all mapping entries. Creating a virtual schema with duplicate `destinationTable` entries will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `destinationTable` property of a mapping defines the name of the virtual table to which the data is mapped. Please note that its value must be unique for all mapping entries. Creating a virtual schema with duplicate values for `destinationTable` will fail.
```
